add order for polynomial interpolation, fixes #8762 (#9079)
pydata/xarray: doc/whats-new.rst

Bug fixes
~~~~~~~~~

> - Following `DataArrayResample.interpolate and passing kwargs
>   <https://github.com/pydata/xarray/issues/8762>`_ interpolate method now
>   supports kwargs such as order for producing the polynomial interpolation.
>  (:issue:`8762`). By
>   `Nicolas Karasiak <https://github.com/nkarasiak>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Following :py:meth`DataArrayResample.interpolate` and`DatasetResample.interpolate` method now
  support aribtrary kwargs such as ``order`` for polynomial interpolation.
 (:issue:`8762`). By
  `Nicolas Karasiak <https://github.com/nkarasiak>`_.
```
